niri-config: add disable-set-bpc option (#2195)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Debug-Options.md

}
```

### `keep-max-bpc-unchanged`

<sup>Since: next release</sup>

> Skips setting max bpc on startup.
> 
> Some displays driven by amdgpu encounter a broken DRM state when setting max bpc to 8. Niri sets this on startup for increases display compatibility. See [this](https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/drm/amd/-/issues/4487) bug report for more details.
> 
> Setting this disables this behavior. It may cause issues with some displays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting monitors, niri sets their max bpc to 8 in order to reduce display bandwidth and to potentially allow more monitors to be connected at once.
Restricting bpc to 8 is not a problem since we don't support HDR or color management yet and can't really make use of higher bpc.

Apparently, setting max bpc to 8 breaks some displays driven by AMDGPU.
If this happens to you, set this debug flag, which will prevent niri from changing max bpc.
AMDGPU bug report: https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/drm/amd/-/issues/4487.
```
